



INTERNAL POLICY













(Credit List)
Last updated:  04-05-2026


What is LifeInvader about?

Lifeinvader is a private state organization that specializes in editing ads, hosting events like the talent show, and making news articles and videos that are informative for the public.

How to benefit from this document?
This document highlights our standards for editing ads as well as some important rules we must follow while we work for this organization.TIP: Please use “Ctrl + F” to find anything you are searching for in documents.
General Ad Rules:
Vehicle & Clothing List:LifeInvader (EN3) Renewed List for Cars, Motorcycles, Boats, Planes, Helicopters and Clothing
Templates List:                                       LifeInvader Templates List (EN3)
Always begin the ad with: “Buying” - “Selling” - ”Trading” - “Selling or trading”.For “Buying” put “Budget:”.For “Selling” put “Price:”.If the ad does not mention a Budget or Price, then you should mention it as Negotiable.Examples: Buying:Buying Progen containers. Budget: Negotiable.Selling:Selling seeds. Price: $1.500 each.Trading:Trading "Ubermacht M5 (E34)". (Auto)Trading pink Lui Vi pants for blue Lui Vi pants. (Other)Selling or trading:Selling or trading "Ubermacht M5 (E34)" with insurance for "Benefactor-AMG C63 Coupe (W205)". Price: Negotiable. (Auto)
Selling or trading black Abibas pants. Price: $38 Million.The first letter is ALWAYS capital, use a full stop (.) to end the sentence. 
The first letter in Price, Budget and Negotiable should be in capital.
A colon (:) should be used after Price: or Budget:
A dollar sign ($) must be used before the value.Can only trade a Business for business, Cars for Cars and Other categories.Examples: Selling Abibas Pezy Boost 700 V3 Alvah shoes. Price: $200.000
Selling white Pezy Boost shoes. Price: $4 Million.
If the ad ends with a numerical value, then there is no need for a period (.) 
-Use a full stop (.) instead of a comma (,) for prices.
-We do NOT use “k” to represent a thousand or use “M” to represent a Million. Write it out in numbers instead:




Examples: 
$1k becomes $1.000 $1.7k each becomes $1.700 each.
$1m becomes $1 Million.$1.450k becomes $1.45 Million.Examples:Party-1) Party at the beach.
2) Party at Bahama Mamas Bar. 
Looking/Dating Category:1) Looking for a boyfriend.
2) Looking for family members.3) Looking for Max Uchiha.

 
Advertisement Rules & Restricted Content Guidelines
Please carefully review the following rules regarding advertisements. Failure to follow these guidelines may result in ad rejection, warnings, or phone blacklisting depending on the violation.
 
Illegal Items / Rejection (Issue a Phone Blacklist)
If any of the following terms or items are found in an advertisement, the phone number used in the ad must be blacklisted immediately:
Firearms of any kind
Ammunition
Bulletproof vests
Dark Lui Vi Armored Vest
Weed / cannabis seeds or trees
Drugs and cocaine
EMS surgical masks or medical masks
Vehicle scanners and people scanners (radars)
Balaclava masks
Ropes
Flash drive with a virus (USB)
Lock picks
Troll advertisements
Anti-Radar
Engine Block
Smuggling Machine
Submodule
Hacking the Search Database
It is also strictly forbidden to publish license plates containing offensive or inappropriate language. “Selling license plate (1SEX269). Price: Negotiable.”
 
Illegal Items / Rejection (Do Not Issue a Phone Blacklist)
If any of the following terms are found in an advertisement, reject the ad only. Do not issue a phone blacklist.
Crowbar
All fabric
Head bag (except luminous head bag)
Animal skin
Armor skin
Air Horn
Earplugs
Barricade
Trap
Poison dart
Army Uniform
Tracking sensor
Dangerous razor
Resource scanners
Body armor plates
Body Armor
Ingredients for cocaine
Paper for money
Satellite dish
Tincture of forest mushrooms
First Aid Kits & all pills
Food items (Banana, Burger, Grilled Steak)
Things We Cannot Advertise
Advertisements involving any of the following must be rejected:
Grand Coins (Premium Battlepass / Premium Plus Battlepass)
All illegal items listed above
Lockpicks, ropes, and crowbars
Specific family names
“Looking for Playboy family members.” advertisements
(Family names cannot be mentioned)
Hype Body or branded armor
Gangs
Nationality
Anything involving the sale of people
Anything sexual or hinting at sexual content
Drugs of any kind
Food items (except fish)
Health products (medkits, pills, tincture soup, etc.)
Birthday advertisements
Leaders and deputy leaders (excluding leaders of unofficial organization families and crime organizations)


Places We Do Not Promote
Punishment: Warning
The following locations, organizations, or events are not allowed to be promoted in advertisements:
Mega Mall
Gang Headquarters (Ballas, Vagos, Families, Bloods, and Marabunta)
Black Market
Parties at LSPD, FIB, SAHP, EMS, LifeInvader or Government buildings.
Parties at the ghetto
Please make sure all advertisements follow these guidelines before publishing.

Rejection Reasons Guidelines
Please ensure all rejection reasons are written professionally and clearly so citizens can properly understand the issue with their advertisement.
Common Rejection Reasons
Cannot advertise more than 1 vehicle at a time.
Cannot advertise more than 3 items at a time.
Cannot promote illegal items.
Improper advertisement.
Template not found. Contact LI to create a template.
Person not found in database. (Person must be in the GRAND RP mail)
You cannot look for classified people.
(State organization Leaders and Deputy Leaders only)
Only if their name is mentioned in the Leader List in LI mails.
Item not found in database. (Including Grand Coins and Battlepass)
Insufficient information for the item name.
Insufficient information for the vehicle name.
Please indicate the rental period.
LI cloud server not loading or offline. (Only for PDA bug cases)
Trolling advertisements.
Cannot advertise this vehicle as it is non-sellable.
A family cannot be traded.
Cannot look for a classified family.
We do not promote parties at any green grass location.
Green Grass Rule Example
For example, “Party at the Beach Market.” should not be promoted and must instead be labeled as “Party at the Beach.” This rule exists because music is not allowed to be played in green grass areas.

Categories:
Real Estate:Houses / Apartments / Mansion / Casino penthouse
Auto:Cars / Trucks / Motorcycles / Bikes / ATVS / Boats



Businesses:
Private Businesses:
Ammunition Store (not gun store or weapon store)
ATM business
Bar (not strip club)
Car wash
Car sharing
Chip tuning
Clothing shop (not Binco or Suburban)
Electric station (not Charging station)
Farm
Flower shop
Fight club
Furniture shop
Gas station
Grand Elite
Hair salon (not barber)
Jewelry store
Juice shop
Luna park
Parking
Pet Shop
State object
Service station (not Auto workshop)
Tattoo studio
Taxi company
24/7 Store

Family Businesses:
Burger shop (not Drug lab)
Cowshed
Freight train
Plantation (If listed as Pumpkin/Cabbage/Mandarin/Pineapple  plantation etc, only capitalize the first word.)
Oil Well



Discounts:This category is used when people post their business templates and they have discount in it. 

Example: Hair Salon №4 (GPS №243) is always offering 50% discount and the best hair stylists, we are awaiting your visit!
Work:This category is used when someone is looking for work or hiring for work.Example:Hiring workers for solar panel plantations. Salary: Negotiable.Dating:This category is used when someone is looking for someone else. Examples: Looking for Max Uchiha. Looking for a wife.Looking for a boyfriend.
Looking for a family.

Services:This category is used when people post their business templates without a discount offer.

Example:It’s time for happy hour at your favorite Vanilla Unicorn Bar (GPS №43). Go and grab some drinks for yourself.
Other: This category includes clothing items, parties, fruits/vegetables, wires, seeds, barrels, etc.
If you do not understand from the raw ad exactly which clothing item from our clothing list the person wants to sell/buy - ad should be rejected with reason "Please, provide the correct name of the item you are selling." or "Please, provide the correct name of the item you are buying."Examples: Selling Abibas Pezy 700 V3 Alvah shoes. Price: $200.000Selling white Pezy Boost shoes. Price: $4 Million.Looking for a party.Party at the beach.
Terms to change:
Looking to buy/looking to purchase changes to Buying
Examples:
Looking to buy house. Budget: Negotiable. > Buying a house. Budget: Negotiable.
Looking to buy car. > Buying a car. Budget: Negotiable.Things to take note when editing ads:
If the ad ends with a number, don’t add a period. If it ends with a letter, do add a period. 
Brands, official locations (certain places are lowercases), Names (first and last name) should have their first letter capitalized.
Please include a dollar sign before the amount, not after ($5 Million, $500.000)
If the sender mentions selling for an amount of items, for e.g 1000 pineapples. No need to include a period in between the amounts. Only applies to the value of the items. 
Make sure to double-check your ad before posting out, make sure the first letter is capitalized and end it with a period if needed too.
We have the right to reject the ad if it’s an improper advertisement.



Max config/max tuning/fully upgraded Changes to: with full configurationNearly max/(part)lvl3 or below Changes to: with partial configurationBody upgrades/body kit Changes to: with visual upgrades
Turbo Changes to: turbo kitDrift tuning/drift assistance Changes to: drift kit
Luminous rims/unique wheels Changes to: luminous wheels
Level 1/low level Changes to: low quality
Level 2/medium level Changes to: medium quality
Level 3/high level Changes to: high quality
Level 4/max level Changes to: max quality
Crates/cases Changes to: containers
Spray cans/Spray balloons Changes to: paint cans.
Extras Changes to: of type
Scarf combine it: mask
pumpkin/cabbage/pineapple/mandarin combine it: fruits, vegetables or seeds
Unique 6 rims Changes to: luminous wheels of type 6



Examples:
Selling "Annis Silvia (S15)" with partial configuration. Price: Negotiable.
Buying "Sandking XL" with full configuration. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling "Shotaro". Price: $500.000
Trading "Toros" for "Karin Tundra 2021". 
Selling or trading "Annis Skyline GT-R (R34)". Price: $1.7 Million.
Selling "Progen 675 LT" with full configuration, visual upgrades, insurance and drift kit. Price: Negotiable.
Selling a helicopter. Price: $11 Million.
Buying a plane. Budget: $800.000
Buying "Frogger". Budget: $8 Million.
Selling "SuperVolito Carbon". Price: $10 Million.Selling pineapple and mandarin fruits. Price: $1.700 and $1.500 each respectively.
Selling 2 Grand tickets and 15 seeds. Price: $800.000 and $45.000 respectively.
Trading "Mazda RX-7" for "Annis Silvia".
Trading a luminous stone plus $1 Million for Abibas pants.
Buying video cards. Budget: $60.000 each.
Selling license plate (1ABC234). Price: Negotiable.Selling toothy masks of type 1. Price: Negotiable.
Selling tokens. Price: $13.000 each.
Selling 10 Taxi fleet shares. Price: Negotiable.Selling high quality suspension, high quality transmission and medium quality engine tunings. Price: Negotiable.
Real Estate: 
A maximum of one numbered property per is allowed.If the seller does not provide numbers, you can advertise up to 3 properties.

Use the number symbol (№) if the sender of the ad has mentioned house/apartment/penthouse/mansion number.
If the sender mentions “Casino apartment” change to “Casino penthouse”.
We cannot mention the number of stars of the property in the ad.
We are allowed to put in garden, insurance, view and other extra stuff like tennis court, swimming pool, helipad, long driveway etc.
For houses/apartments/penthouses/mansions with furnished or different interiors, use custom interior. 
There are only 5 types of garage spaces: 2 g.s. 5 g.s. 9 g.s. 25 g.s. 30 g.s.
For garage spaces, we use “g.s.” If there are more features, we use “g.s.,”
For storage space, use “w.h.” (warehouse).
Use “.” after the last feature, “and” before the last feature, and use “,” between other features. “g.s.” or “w.h.” does not need an addition “.” at the end if that is mentioned as the last feature.
Although 3 houses can be advertised, the house numbers are not included. Ex. Selling 3 houses. Price: Negotiable.
If the house /apartment number is not specified add a/an before the word house / apartment
If the house mentions a garden be sure to add “a” before garden
Houses and apartments are not tradable.
Examples:
Selling a house with 5 g.s. Price: Negotiable.Selling a house with a garden, 9 g.s., insurance and nice views. Price: Negotiable.
Selling an apartment with 9 g.s. Price: Negotiable.
Selling an apartment with nice views. Price: Negotiable.
Properly capitalize the first letter of the location if it is an official location.
Mirror Park is correct, mirror park is NOT correct.
Vinewood Hills is correct, vinewood hills is NOT correct.

Order of the features in a real estate ad (if applicable):
garden
garage spaces (2 g.s. 5 g.s. 9 g.s. 25 g.s. 30 g.s.)
warehouses (3 w.h. 4 w.h. or 5 w.h.)
custom interior
insurance - (do not mention the number of days.)
helipad
swimming pool
tennis court
(long/large) driveway
(spacious) backyard
(nice/beautiful/great) views
(official/unofficial) location Others 

Examples:Selling 2 houses with a garden. Price: Negotiable.
Selling house №1680 with 5 g.s. and 3 w.h. in the city. Price: Negotiable.
Selling house №758. Price: Negotiable.
Selling 2 houses. Price: Negotiable.Buying an apartment near Lifeinvader. Budget: Negotiable.
Buying an apartment near the beach market. Budget: Negotiable.Buying house №574. Budget: Negotiable.Selling an apartment. Price: Negotiable.Selling Casino penthouse. Price: Negotiable.Selling mansion №58. Price: Negotiable.
Selling house №758 with insurance. Price: Negotiable.
Selling house №758 with 25 g.s. and insurance. Price: Negotiable.
Selling a house. Price: $10 Million.
Buying a house with a swimming pool in Vinewood Hills. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling a house with a garden and 4 w.h. Price: Negotiable.
Selling a house with a garden and custom interior. Price: Negotiable.Selling house №586 with a garden, 9 g.s., 5 w.h., custom interior, insurance and swimming pool in Vinewood Hills. Price: $7 Million.Selling a house with 9 g.s. and 5 w.h. Price: Negotiable.Selling house №758 with 9 g.s., 5 w.h., helipad and spacious backyard. Price: Negotiable.Selling house №759 with 9 g.s. and long driveway. Price: Negotiable.Selling house №476 with a garden, swimming pool and nice views. Price: Negotiable.
Selling a house with a helipad. Price: Negotiable.
Renting:Renting of the property is allowed. Use the word "Renting out". Instead of using "Price", use the word "Rent".
Examples: 
Renting out house №1023 with a garden and 5 g.s. Rent: $100.000 per week.
Renting a house. Budget: $100.000 per week.
Terms we cannot use in real estate ads:
Green zone/grass.
Gang location or any Gang names.

Apartment complexes:
There are 8 apartment complexes in the city. Apartments cannot be insured. Therefore, it should not be specified.Selling apartment №154 in Eclipse Towers. Price: $1.5 Million.Selling apartment №163 in Tinsel Towers. Price: Negotiable.Selling apartment №188 in Del Perro Heights. Price: Negotiable.Selling apartment №306 in Richards Majestic. Price: Negotiable.Selling apartment №344 in Tinkle Building. Price: $950.000Selling apartment №774 in 3 Alta Street. Price: Negotiable.Selling apartment №1790 in Celltowa Building. Price: Negotiable.Selling apartment №1480 near the beach market. Price: Negotiable.

Dating:
Only the following types of ads are allowed in this category: Must search name
-Looking for (First and Last name).
-Looking for a family.
-Looking for family members.
-Looking for a date.
-Looking for a wife.
-Looking for a husband.
-Looking for a valentine.
-Looking for a friend.
-Looking for friends.
-Looking for a boyfriend.-Looking for boyfriends.
-Looking for a girlfriend.
-Looking for girlfriends.-Looking for Name Surname.-Looking for Casino poker players.
Examples:Looking for Max Uchiha.
Looking for Lucio Escober.
Examples:RAW AD: I am searching elite alpha.EDITED AD: Looking for Elite Alpha.
Looking for a specific person:
● Make sure to always check GRP Mails for person names and leader’s list in LI Mails for State Leader and Deputies names.● Make sure they mention the full name (first and second name) and also reject the ad if they don’t provide full first or last name.● Use capitalization on the first letter of each name.● Search their name on our database (Grand RP discord)● If the person is not found on the database then reject the ad. Reason: Person not found in database. (Person must be in the GRAND RP mail)

Looking for ads that should be rejected: (warning)
Leaders of a state org (LI exempt from this).
Deputy leaders of a state org. (LI exempt from this)
Looking for a lesbian/gay. (add it to blacklist numbers in LI email)
People looking for themselves or each other. (3 or more people spamming looking for each other) (Reject with trolling ads)

You cannot look for state leaders and deputies only if they are not in the leader-list in LI mails, otherwise you can look for them.

We can look for the crime leaders and leaders of unofficial orgs. Also, we can look for administration assistants.


Looking for ads that should be blacklisted: (warning)
● Buying a wife/husband.● Troll ads like “looking for sugar daddy”.● Looking for a wife and listing a price or budget.● Any troll name that is not found in the database.Promoting families is permitted.
Mentioning of looking for a specific family is not allowed. 


IMPORTANT: Reason you should mention while rejecting ad if someone is State leader "You cannot search for classified person."
The leader of the organization. 

List of leaders in the city (Server EN-03): 
Please refer to Grand RP emails.
Check #leader-list channel on LI emails
Work: 
● Words like "Hiring" and phrases like "looking to hire" and looking for a job" are allowed.
● Use the number symbol (№) if the sender of the ad mentions a specific number location for a particular job.
Example: Construction site №3.Construction sites have 3 locations. Please include these if they also include the site number: ● Hiring workers at construction site №1 on Vespucci Boulevard.
● Hiring workers at construction site №2 on Calais Avenue.
● Hiring workers at construction site №3 in Pillbox Hill.
● Ads of this category do not include specific dollar amounts. If they do, you use either "Awarding (amount) bonus" or "Salary: $(amount)". For example: "Hiring at construction site №1, in Vespucci Boulevard. Awarding $3.000 bonus." 

● They are also allowed to mention just "Awarding bonuses" or "paying well" at the end of the ad without a specific dollar amount. 
● Do NOT use the word "level". Levels represent years of experience that someone has in a job.Example: "Hiring a driver with 3 years of experience at construction site №2."



● Construction sites have 5 roles they can advertise for:

locksmith. (Lumberjack)
electrician. 
gardener. (Farmer)
surveyor. (Oilman)
driver.



*These can be advertised in the ad specifically. 
● If the construction ad mentions more than one of the above roles, change the ad to hiring workers instead of naming them all.

People are also allowed to post looking for work ads. That will fall under this category. Work/jobs that can be advertised for are: 
Any of the construction site roles above.
Trucker(s)
Lawyer(s).
DJ(s).
Photographer(s).
Bodyguard(s).
Professional Dancer(s). (not Strippers)
Personal driver(s).Assistant
Professional Singer(s). 
Important Note:If a specific profession is mentioned at the beginning, it should be written with a capital letter. Otherwise, it should be written in lowercase. Professions should not be written in full capital letters, with the only exception being DJ, which should always remain in capital letters.
Additionally, any profession can be used for hiring if it is properly mentioned in the ad. Please ensure that professional names are written correctly without any mistakes or alterations.
Examples:
Lawyer looking for work.
Hiring truckers. Salary: Negotiable.
Hiring a lawyer. Salary: Negotiable.
Hiring workers at construction site №1, in Vespucci Boulevard. Salary: Negotiable.
Hiring workers at construction site. Salary: Negotiable.DJ looking for work.Hiring a DJ. Salary: Negotiable.Lawyer looking for work.
Looking to work as a professional dancer.Hiring professional dancers. Salary: Negotiable. 
Hiring a professional singer. Salary: Negotiable. 
Hiring workers for solar panel plantations. Salary: Negotiable.Looking for solar panel plantation work.
Looking for a job at the construction site.Hiring firefighters. Salary: Negotiable.
Hiring firefighters at TV station. Salary: Negotiable.
Hiring firefighters at the beach market. Salary: $15.000
Hiring firefighters at FIB. Salary: $10.000
Hiring a trucker with 3 years experience. Salary: Negotiable. Hiring a trucker. Salary: $15.000Looking for a job.Hiring an assistant. Salary: Negotiable. Bodyguard looking for work.Renting 15% trucker van. Rent: $12.000 per week. 
Renting out 15% trucker van. Budget: $10.000 per week.
Terms we see and what we change them to:
Level Changes to: years experienceExotic dancers/stripers Changes to: Professional dancer




Business: 

The correct name of business to be used in the ad:
Private Businesses
Ammunition Store (not gun store or weapon store)
ATM business
Bar (not strip club)
Car wash
Car sharing
Chip tuning
Clothing shop (not Binco or Suburban)
Electric station (not Charging station)
Farm
Flower shop
Fight club
Furniture shop
Gas station
Grand Elite
Hair salon (not barber)
Jewelry store
Juice shop
Luna park
Parking
Pet Shop
State object
Service station (not Auto workshop)
Tattoo studio
Taxi company
Warehouse
24/7 Store


Family Businesses
Burger shop (not Drug lab)
Cowshed
Freight train
Plantation (If listed as Pumpkin/Cabbage/Mandarin/Pineapple  plantation etc, only capitalize the first word.)
Oil WellOnly one business should be promoted in an ad.

● Under this category, only buying, trading and selling of businesses are allowed. Promotion of businesses DO NOT fall under this category.(Can only trade and Business for another Business.)

● We do not promote personal businesses, instead write "private business" 
● We only advertise Burger shop business as "Burger shop". Avoid saying Burger shop drug lab or drug lab business. You’ll receive a warning if you mention "drug lab".

● We promote family business.
● Family businesses cannot be traded. They can only be Buying or Selling. If you see anyone attempting to trade such a business please reject it and provide the 
Reason: Family businesses cannot be traded.




Examples:
Selling family business. Price: Negotiable.
● Ads with prices that exceeded $500 Million, change the price to Negotiable. 

Examples: 
Buying auto workshop biz for 10 Trillion. > Buying Service station business.Budget: Negotiable.
Terms we see and what we change them to:
personal business Changes to: private business.Drug lab Changes to: Burger shop

Examples:
Selling 24/7 Store №123 near Paleto Bay. Price: Negotiable.
Buying a private business. Budget: Negotiable.Selling Burger shop business. Price: $65 Million.Selling Taxi company business. Price: Negotiable.Selling Jewelry store №44. Price: $100 Million.
Selling Service station №113. Price: $100 Million.
Selling Ammunition Store №269 in the city. Price: Negotiable.Selling Luna park №289. Price: Negotiable.
Buying Plantation business with 20 beds. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling Cabbage plantation business with 20 beds. Price: Negotiable.
Selling State object №260. Price: $10 Million.
Selling or trading State object business. Price: Negotiable.
Buying Car sharing business. Budget: $100 Million.
Selling Business Control. Price: Negotiable.
Buying Gas station Control. Budget: $100 Million. 
Selling Chip tuning №4 Control. Price: Negotiable.

If the client doesn’t specify the number, we just put the word business.

Example:
Selling ATM 12mil Changes to: Selling ATM business. Price: $12 Million.Business Shares:
Taxi fleet shares
Gas station shares
Chip tuning shares
Barber shop shares
Tattoo studio shares
Armory store shares
Bar shares
Car sharing shares

Example:
Selling Gas station shares. Price: Negotiable.




Services:

● Most service ads are found as templates in our Lifeinvader discord under the business template category.

● Service ads are ads that are used to promote a business or a service that is being provided.
Templates List:LifeInvader Templates List (EN3)
Example: 
Looking for a DJ for your party or wedding? Look no further.
● Only 1 service can be provided/ advertised at a time.● Service ads can contain the word "discounts" but if a specific discount percentage is given then the ad would fall under the "Discounts" category.
● Template ads that are different, or not found in the database are to be REJECTED. Reason: Template not found in database. Contact LI to create a new template.Figure 1: Example of a template and what to do with it.Examples of service templates:Taxi company 1 Template 2 - Are you new in town? Want to make some easy money while meeting new people? Come to Taxi (GPS №1) near the Casino! Join the best Taxi company in town.

In addition, office templates can be shared only in this category.

Office 13724 template 1 - Join Imad Wanted Family Office (№13724)! Today, we are offering bonuses, easy tasks, and extra cash. Then what are you waiting for? Join us now.
Office 13724 template 2 - Whether you are new or old in the city, if you need money, Office (№13724) offers a 90% profit. We provide bonuses too! Contact us at (mostwanted994)!

Discounts:

● All of the discount templates are found on Lifeinvader discord under the business templates category.

● Discount templates are identified as having a specific % percentage of the discount.
Examples: 
Elites 24/7 Store No120. Max discount up to 80%. citys nonstop shop. Gear up, save big, visit now. PH: 33-30-777.

Hurry up! Up to 60% OFF on Firearms at Central Mall Weapon Shop (GPS №269)! Limited stock, act fast. Ping Me on 22-20-444 OR Mails (maxuchihax).


Templates List:                              LifeInvader Templates List (EN3)













Other:

A maximum of THREE items can be posted in an ad of this category.
These items can be promoted in "Other" category:
Party Ads will be in this category.Examples of locations where parties are allowed:Houses/apartmentThe beach The yachtBahama Mamas BarTequi-la-la BarStadiumDiamond Resort Bar (which is casino)ArenaRaton CanyonVanilla Unicorn BarHotel Spa Bar

Examples:Looking for a party.Party at the beach.
Party at Tequi-la-la Bar.
Party at Cayo Perico.Party at house №37.Pool party at house №49.Party at the yacht.Party at Bahama Mamas Bar.
Party locations or specify that any location except for those listed in Places we don't promote are allowed for party ads.
We can also look for some services that can be provided in this category:
● The following are services that can be provided under the "other" category - You can now include names and a time in a wedding advert.
Looking for a lawyer.
Looking for a personal driver.
Looking for a professional dancer.
Looking for a professional singer.
Looking for a DJ.
Wedding at Church.
Wedding at Church for John Smith and Susan Jones at 18:00.
Party at the beach.
Car meet at _ .
"brand/model" exclusive car meet at __ .
Looking to play poker. Bet: Negotiable.
Looking to play dice. Bet: $100.000

For Play Dice and Play Poker, if no Bet is specified, use “Bet: Negotiable.”
The maximum allowed bet is $10 Million. and Any bet above that should be marked as “Bet: Negotiable.”

We can also let families to look for an alliance with another family:
Looking for an alliance.
Citizens can also look for a Business owner. This is not limited to the below examples, they may search for any Business owner for the Businesses listed in the Business tab.

Examples: Looking for a 24/7 Store owner.Looking for a Clothing Shop owner.Looking for an Ammunition Store owner.Looking for a Gas Station owner.Looking for a Car sharing owner.Looking for a Business owner.Terms for using the word type instead of extras:If you encounter any ad containing the word "extras" in it, we have to change that word to type.

Examples: Raw Ad : selling toothy mask extras 2 and 4Changes to : Selling toothy masks of type 2 and 4. Price: Negotiable.
Other Examples:
-automatic drill:Selling an automatic drill. Price: Negotiable. Buying 3 automatic drills. Budget: Negotiable. 
-automatic sawmill:Selling an automatic sawmill. Price: Negotiable. Buying 2 automatic sawmills. Budget: Negotiable. 
-automatic rod:Selling an automatic rod. Price: Negotiable. Buying 2 automatic rods. Budget: Negotiable.
 -automatic oil well:Selling an automatic oil well. Price: Negotiable. Buying 3 automatic oil wells. Budget: Negotiable.
 -automatic watering can: Selling an automatic watering can. Price: Negotiable.Buying 2 automatic watering cans. Budget: Negotiable.
-inventory(ies): low/medium/high/max quality inventorySelling high quality inventory. Price: Negotiable.
Buying max quality inventory. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling high and medium quality inventories. Price: $800.000 and $60.000 each respectively.

-backpack skin(s):Selling 3 backpack skins. Price: Negotiable.Buying a backpack skin. Budget: Negotiable.
-battery(ies):Selling a battery. Price: Negotiable.Selling 20 batteries. Price: Negotiable.

Biospark:
Selling a Biospark. Price: Negotiable.
Buying 10 Biospark. Budget: Negotiable.

Panda Pet:
Selling cage with a Panda. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Panda. Budget: Negotiable. 

Duckling Pet:
Selling cage with a Duckling. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Duckling. Budget: Negotiable.

Fancy bear:
Selling cage with a Fancy bear. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Fancy bear. Budget: Negotiable.
Kitty Bunny Pet:
Selling cage with a Kitty Bunny. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Kitty Bunny. Budget: Negotiable.

Cute Hippo Pet:
Selling cage with a Cute Hippo. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Cute Hippo. Budget: Negotiable.Mini Robot Pet:
Selling cage with a Mini Robot. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Mini Robot. Budget: Negotiable.

Cyberdog Pet:
Selling cage with a Cyberdog. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Cyberdog. Budget: Negotiable.Robobeast Pet:Selling cage with a Robobeast. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Robobeast. Budget: Negotiable.


Mr Candy Cane Pet:Selling cage with a Mr Candy Cane. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Mr Candy Cane. Budget: Negotiable.


Futuristic Friend:Selling cage with a Futuristic Friend. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Futuristic Friend. Budget: Negotiable.

-cage with a pet:
(Border Collie, Cougar, Pig, Poodle, Pug, Puma, Rabbit, Rat, Retriever, Rooster, Rottweiler…)Selling cage with a pet. Price: Negotiable.Buying cage with a Dog. Budget: Negotiable.Selling cage with a Cougar. Price: Negotiable.Selling cage with a Border Collie. Price: Negotiable.
-canister(s): premium fuel canisterfuel canisterSelling a premium fuel canister. Price: Negotiable.Selling 100 premium fuel canisters. Price: Negotiable.Selling a fuel canister. Price: Negotiable.Selling 1000 fuel canisters. Price: Negotiable.

-charger(s):Selling a charger. Price: Negotiable.
Selling 10 chargers. Price: Negotiable.

-Christmas resources:
Christmas key(s)(‘C’ is always capital and ‘k’ in lower case, also included ‘each’ when more than one key is mentioned.)Christmas copper
Christmas timber
Christmas perch
Christmas seed(s)
Christmas lollipop(s)New years gift(s)
- Christmas lollipop(s):
Selling Christmas lollipops. Price: Negotiable.
Buying a Christmas lollipop. Budget: Negotiable.
- New years gift(s):
Selling New years gifts. Price: Negotiable. 
Buying a New years gift. Budget: Negotiable.

- A Little gift(s):
Selling a Little gift. Price: Negotiable. 
Buying 5 Little gifts. Budget: Negotiable.
- A Big gift(s):
Selling a Big gift. Price: Negotiable. 
Buying 10 Big gifts. Budget: Negotiable.

- An Opened gift (s):
Selling an Opened gift. Price: Negotiable. 
Buying 10 Opened gifts. Budget: Negotiable.
- Drawing(s):
Selling Drawing. Price: Negotiable.
Selling 2 Drawings. Price: Negotiable.
Buying Drawing. Budget: Negotiable.- Statue(s):
Selling a Dirty Statue. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Dirty Statues. Budget: Negotiable.Selling a Purified Statue. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Purified Statues. Budget: Negotiable.


Clothing Feature Order:
color (in lowercase)
item name (if luminous, mention it before the item name)
type (of type)
gender (for men/women)
Example:
Buying black luminous Keezy Boost shoes of type 5. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling yellow Mikachu hoodie for women. Price: Negotiable.
-clothing items and accessories:LifeInvader (EN3) Renewed List for Cars, Motorcycles, Boats, Planes, Helicopters and Clothing

Example:
Selling shirts for men. Price: Negotiable.Buying shoes for women. Budget: Negotiable.Selling TRON full set. Price: Negotiable.Buying TRON helmet. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling black Lui Vi full set. Price: Negotiable. Buying clothing for women. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling clothing for men. Price: Negotiable.If you do not understand from the raw ad exactly which clothing item from our clothing list the person wants to sell/buy - ad should be rejected with reason "Please, provide the correct name of the item you are selling." or "Please, provide the correct name of the item you are buying."

-container(s): (do NOT use cases/crates ) valuable containerdesert scarf mask containerbiker containerBrand T-shirts 2 container
Brand shorts 2 containertrucker containerracer containerGrand racers containerIngrand containerProgen container
Maserati container
Benefactor container
gardener container
rare love containerregular love container
Renault containerresources container
diver containerorganization containersphere of influence containerwheels 1 containerwheels 2 containerwheels 3 container
old autumn gold containerold summer gold containerold winter gold containerSchool containerarena container
daily containerHalloween container
womens gift container of type 1
womens gift container of type 2
males gift container of type 1
males gift container of type 2
blue womens top container of type 4
black womens top container of type 4
Benefactor E500 (W124) container
daily study of the organization container
Captured caravans container
Delivered caravans containerValentine 2025 container
case of delivered caravans container


-dice:Selling dice. Price: Negotiable.Buying 20 dice. Budget: Negotiable.Looking to play dice. Bet: $150.000
-fish:perchcarpsalmontrout
megalodon
ray
orcahumpback whale
Example:
Selling megalodon in bulk. Price: Negotiable.
Buying orca. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling 15 humpback whale. Price: Negotiable.
Buying 25 ray. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling salmon. Price: Negotiable.
Selling 50 salmon. Price: Negotiable.Buying 100 perch. Budget: Negotiable.Buying 50 carp. Budget: Negotiable.

-fishing rod(s):low/medium/high/max/advanced qualitySelling a fishing rod. Price: Negotiable. Selling 3 fishing rods. Price: Negotiable. Selling medium quality fishing rod. Price: Negotiable. Selling 2 high quality fishing rods. Price: Negotiable.
Selling max quality fishing rod. Price: Negotiable.
Selling advanced quality fishing rod. Price: Negotiable.
-fruits and vegetables:
mandarinpumpkinstrawberrypineappleVegetables:cabbageSelling pineapple fruits. Price: Negotiable.Selling strawberry fruits. Price: Negotiable.Selling cabbage vegetables. Price: Negotiable.Buying pineapple, mandarin and strawberry fruits. Budget: $650, $350 and $450 each respectively.Selling mandarin, pineapple fruits and Lui Vi desert scarf mask. Price: Negotiable.

-firework(s): Selling a firework. Price: Negotiable. 
Buying 5 fireworks. Budget: Negotiable.

-GrandPro BodyCam:
Selling a GrandPro BodyCam. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 GrandPro BodyCam. Budget: Negotiable.
-fuel for resource extraction: Selling a fuel for resource extraction. Price: Negotiable.
Buying 10 fuel for resource extraction. Budget: Negotiable.

-Grand ticket(s): (NOT rp ticket)Selling a Grand ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Grand tickets. Budget: Negotiable.

-hookah(s):Selling a hookah. Price: Negotiable.Selling 3 hookahs. Price: Negotiable.

-juice(s):attack juice
protection juice 
endurance juice
riding juice
power juice
immunity juicejuice on becoming an animaljuice for double the payment
fast running juice 

-Leash
Buying a Leash. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling a Leash. Price: Negotiable.
-Letters: (G,R,A,N,D) 
Selling letter "G". Price: Negotiable.
Buying letter “R”. Budget: Negotiable.Selling letters. Price: Negotiable.

-license plate: Must be 3-7 characters in length. It is forbidden to publish license plates containing offensive language.Selling license plate (1ABC234). Price: Negotiable.Buying license plate (222). Budget: Negotiable.Selling a license plate. Price: Negotiable.
Selling 2 license plates. Price: Negotiable.Selling a custom license plate. Price: Negotiable. (only 1)Selling custom license plates. Price: Negotiable. (for more than 1)
-regular lottery ticket(s):Selling a regular lottery ticket. Price: Negotiable.Selling 100 regular lottery tickets. Price: Negotiable.

-rare lottery ticket(s):Selling a rare lottery ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 rare lottery tickets. Budget: Negotiable.
-flame and water lottery ticket(s):Selling a flame and water lottery ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 flame and water lottery tickets. Budget: Negotiable.
-Cayo Perico ticket(s):Selling a Cayo Perico ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Cayo Perico tickets. Budget: Negotiable.

-Car ticket(s):Selling a Car ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Car tickets. Budget: Negotiable.

-Secret ticket fragment(s):Selling a Secret ticket fragment. Price: Negotiable.Buying 50 Secret ticket fragments. Budget: Negotiable.

-Secret ticket(s):Selling a Secret ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Secret tickets. Budget: Negotiable.

- Royal Artifacts lottery ticket(s):Selling a Royal Artifacts lottery ticket. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Royal Artifacts lottery tickets. Budget: Negotiable.
-luminous wheels:Selling luminous wheels of type 2. Price: Negotiable.Buying luminous wheels of type 4 and 6. Budget: Negotiable.

-masks: (Except Balaclava and EMS mask/surgical/covid mask)
-milk:Selling milk. Price: Negotiable.Buying 200 milk. Budget: Negotiable.

-mushroom(s): (NOT tincture soup)Selling a mushroom. Price: Negotiable.Selling 25 mushrooms. Price: Negotiable.

-mining resources:copper - copper an emerald - emeralds a ruby - rubies a diamond - diamondsobsidian - obsidiana magma stone - magma stonesSelling copper. Price: $50 each. Selling an emerald. Price: Negotiable. Selling a ruby. Price: Negotiable. Selling a diamond. Price: Negotiable. Selling 10 emeralds. Price: Negotiable. Selling 10 rubies. Price: Negotiable. Selling 10 diamonds. Price: Negotiable.Selling 10000 copper. Price: $100 each.Selling obsidian. Price: Negotiable.Selling 10 obsidian. Price: Negotiable.Selling a magma stone. Price: Negotiable.Selling 10 magma stones. Price: Negotiable.
-paint can(s): (do NOT use spray cans)Selling a paint can. Price: Negotiable.Selling 5 paint cans. Price: Negotiable.

-pearl(s):
Selling 50 pearls. Price: Negotiable.
Buying a pearl. Budget: Negotiable.

-pet food(s):Selling pet food. Price: Negotiable.Buying 5 pet foods. Budget: Negotiable.

-pickaxe(s):low/medium/high/max/advanced quality
Selling a pickaxe. Price: Negotiable. Selling 3 pickaxes. Price: Negotiable. 
Selling medium quality pickaxes. Price: Negotiable.Selling 2 high quality pickaxes. Price: Negotiable.Selling max quality pickaxe. Price: Negotiable.
Selling advanced quality pickaxe. Price: Negotiable.

-Prime: (3, 5, 7, 10, 15 or 30 days)Selling Prime with 30 days. Price: Negotiable.
-Prime Platinum: (7, 10, 15, 21, 30, or 60 days)Selling Prime Platinum. Price: Negotiable.Buying Prime Platinum with 15 days. Budget: Negotiable.
-repair kit(s):Selling a repair kit. Price: Negotiable.Selling 1000 repair kits. Price: Negotiable.
-resource barrel(s): solar (diesel)gasoline (petrol)keroseneBuying 50 solar barrels. Budget: Negotiable.Buying a solar barrel. Budget: Negotiable.

-Resource Miners ticket(s):Buying a Resource Miners ticket. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling 10 Resource Miners tickets. Price: Negotiable.-seed(s):pineapplecabbagepumpkinmandarinmushroom

-snow:
Selling snow. Price: $60 each.Selling 500 snow. Price: Negotiable.
-solar panel:
Selling a solar panel. Price: Negotiable.
Buying solar panels. Budget: Negotiable.Buying solar panels in bulk. Budget: Negotiable. 
-SIM card №:Selling SIM cards. Price: Negotiable.Selling SIM card № 77-77-777. Price: Negotiable.
-scrap metal:Selling a scrap metal. Price: Negotiable.Buying 60 scrap metal. Budget: Negotiable.

-top quality metal:Selling a top quality metal. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 top quality metal. Budget: Negotiable.
-thread(s):Selling a thread. Price: Negotiable.Selling 200 threads. Price: Negotiable.

-timber:
Selling timber. Price: Negotiable.Selling 30 timber. Price: Negotiable.

-token(s): (NOT crypto or cryptocurrency)Selling a token. Price: Negotiable.Selling 50 tokens. Price: Negotiable.

-tonic treat(s):Selling a tonic treat. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 tonic treats. Budget: Negotiable.

-Treasure Map(s):Selling a Treasure Map. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 Treasure Maps. Budget: Negotiable.
-video card(s): (NOT graphic card)Selling a video card. Price: Negotiable.Buying 15 video cards. Budget: Negotiable.

-wires:Selling wires. Price: Negotiable. (When a person has stated in the ad that they are selling only 1 wire or when we don't know how many wires the person is selling/buying.)
Buying 10 wires. Budget: $15.000 each.

-tuning parts:
low/medium/high quality tires tuning
low/medium/high quality brakes tuning
low/medium/high quality suspension tuning
low/medium/high quality transmission tuning
low/medium/high quality engine tuning
-sponges:Buying a sponge. Budget: Negotiable. Selling a sponge. Price: Negotiable.Buying sponges in bulk. Budget: Negotiable.Selling sponges in bulk. Price: Negotiable.

Examples:Selling high quality engine tuning. Price: Negotiable.Selling 2 medium quality engine tunings. Price: Negotiable. Selling 5 high quality tires tunings. Price: Negotiable. Selling 4 medium quality suspension and high quality engine tunings. Price: Negotiable. Selling medium quality engine, suspension and tires tunings. Price: Negotiable. Selling high quality tires and transmission tunings. Price: Negotiable.Selling high quality transmission, tires and suspension tunings. Price: Negotiable.
-Selling high quality tuning parts. Price: Negotiable. (this example should be used 
specifically if an ad like this gets sent in with no certain tuning parts mentioned (quality can be different)
-2 of the same quality parts and 1 different quality part in the ad Selling medium quality transmission tuning and high quality tires and suspension tunings. Price: Negotiable.
(when 1 different and 2 of the same quality tuning parts get promoted in the ad + none of them had quantity provided OR for all of them the provided quantity is 1) 
-Selling medium quality engine and 2 high quality transmission and suspension tunings. Price: Negotiable.(when 1 different and 2 of the same quality tuning parts get promoted in the ad + both of the 2 same quality tuning parts have same quantity provided) Selling high quality tuning parts and medium quality transmission tuning. Price: Negotiable. (when 1 different and 2 of the same quality tuning parts get promoted in the ad + one or both of the 2 same quality tuning parts has different quantity provided) 
-3 tuning parts in the ad, all of different quality (high,med,low) Selling high quality transmission, medium quality transmission and low quality suspension tunings. Price: Negotiable. (this example applies ONLY for ads with 3 different quality tuning parts)
-Selling 3 high quality transmission, medium quality tires and 2 low quality suspension tunings. Price: $170.000, $150.000 and $100.000 each respectively. (this example applies ONLY for ads with 3 different quality tuning parts)
-2 of the same quality tuning parts in the ad + 1 completely different item Selling high quality engine and transmission tunings and desert scarf mask. Price: Negotiable. (when person is promoting 2 of the same quality tuning parts + different item and for those 2 of the same quality tuning parts there is no quantity provided or provided quantity is 1) 
-Selling 2 high quality engine and transmission tunings and 30 pineapple fruits. Price: Negotiable. (when person is promoting 2 of the same quality tuning parts + different item and for those 2 of the same quality tuning parts there is same quantity provided) 
-Selling high quality tuning parts and wires. Price: Negotiable.(when person is promoting 2 of the same quality tuning parts + different item and for those 2 of the same quality tuning parts either one or both of them has different quantity provided)

Shoulder pets:six tailed fox on shoulder pet
hamster on shoulder pet
strong chicken on shoulder pet
owl on shoulder pet
flying bear on shoulder pet
toothless dragon on shoulder pet
leon brawl on shoulder pet
lovely bird egg on shoulder petMr. Robot friend on shoulder pet
el primo corazon brawl on shoulder pet
black voron on shoulder pet

Examples:Selling six tailed fox on shoulder pet. Price: Negotiable.Buying el primo corazon brawl on shoulder pet. Budget: Negotiable.

Caged pets:
cage with a Border Collie
cage with a Cat
cage with a Cougar
cage with a Cyberdog
cage with a Husky
cage with a Panther
cage with a Pig
cage with a Poodle
cage with a Monkey
cage with a Pug
cage with a Christmas Elf
cage with a Santa Claus
cage with a Fancy bear
cage with a Cute Hippocage with a Mr Candy Cane                               cage with a Futuristic Friend                  
cage with a New years Husky
cage with a Rabbit
cage with a Rat
cage with a Retrievercage with a Robobeast
cage with a Roostercage with a Puma

cage with a Rottweilercage with a Westiecage with a Kitty Bunny
cage with a Duckling
cage with a Panda
cage with a Lion Cub
cage with a Mini Robot
cage with a Cosmodog
cage with a Easter Bunny

Examples:
Buying cage with a New years Husky. Budget: Negotiable.Selling cage with a Rabbit. Price: Negotiable.
Buying cage with a Border Collie. Budget: Negotiable.Buying cage with a pet. Budget: Negotiable.Buying cage with a Christmas Elf. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling cage with a Santa Claus. Price: Negotiable.
Selling cage with a Cosmodog. Price: Negotiable.Selling cage with a Easter Bunny. Price: Negotiable.
Examples:
Buying Ingrand containers. Budget: Negotiable.
Buying Prime. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling Prime Platinum with 15 days. Price: Negotiable.Selling Prime Platinum in bulk. Price: Negotiable.
Selling chargers and repair kits in bulk. Price: Negotiable.
Selling Benefactor-Benz 600SEL (W140) containers. Price: Negotiable.
Selling Grand RP trousers. Price: $2.3 Million.
Selling Grand RP collection T-shirt. Price: $50.000 
Selling Grand RP collection pants. Price: $450.000
Selling a Grand ticket. Price: $325.000
Selling timber. Price: $900 each.Buying seeds. Budget: $2.100 each.
Selling power booster shots. Price: Negotiable.
Buying a power booster shot. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling 200 scrap metal. Price: Negotiable.
Buying regular love containers. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling rare love containers. Price: Negotiable.
Selling mandarin and pineapple fruits and Lui Vi desert scarf mask. Price: Negotiable.
Selling 174 pineapple fruits and 3 batteries. Price: $650 and $20.000 each respectively.Selling high quality pickaxe. Price: $650.000
Selling SIM card № 11-11-711. Price: Negotiable.
Selling desert scarf mask containers. Price: $100.000 each.
Selling desert scarf mask of type 6. Price: Negotiable.
Buying threads. Budget: $2.500 each.
Selling wheels 1, racer and drifter 2 containers. Price: Negotiable.Selling masks of type 2. Price: $35.000 each.
Selling or trading desert scarf mask of type 25. Price: Negotiable.
Selling black Abibas pants. Price: $3 Million.Selling black Lui Vi pants. Price: Negotiable.
Selling six tailed fox on shoulder pet. Price: Negotiable.
Selling cage with a Retriever. Price: $5 Million.
Selling Mikachu hoodie for women. Price: Negotiable.
Buying pineapple, mandarin and strawberry fruits. Budget: $650, $350 and $450 each respectively.
Selling solar barrels. Price: $70 each.
Buying premium fuel canisters. Budget: $9.000 each.Selling black The West Pace jacket for men. Price: $5 Million.
Buying luminous head bag mask. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling luminous wheels of type 4. Price: Negotiable.
Selling a luminous stone. Price: $600.000
Selling luminous stones. Price: Negotiable.
Selling pet food. Price: $1 Million.
Buying 350 Grand tickets. Budget $10 Million.
Trading Grand tickets for luminous trousers.Selling solar panels and regular lottery tickets. Price: Negotiable.
Selling cage with a Pig and cage with a Poodle. Price: Negotiable.Buying high quality transmission tuning. Budget: $2 Million.
Trading valuable container plus cash for wheels containers.
Selling fuel for resource extraction. Price: Negotiable.Selling an organization container. Price: Negotiable. 
Selling mushroom seeds. Price: Negotiable.Selling 2 Drawings. Price: Negotiable.Selling an old summer gold container. Price: Negotiable.
Selling a Valentine 2025 container. Price: Negotiable. 
Buying Valentine 2025 containers. Budget: Negotiable.

Clothing Item Examples:
Buying Pans sneakers. Budget: Negotiable.Buying multi-colored Pans sneakers. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling Niki Groundporce One new collection shoes for men. Price: Negotiable.
Selling purple and yellow RGB neon shoes. Price: $3 Million each.
Selling Abibas Pezy Boost 700 V3 Alvah shoes. Price: Negotiable.
Selling Ground Mordan 4 Retro Laser 30th shoes. Price: Negotiable.
Selling white tied scarf mask of type 1. Price: Negotiable.Selling black Lui Vi desert scarf mask of type 1. Price: Negotiable. 

Juices:

attack juice
protection juice 
endurance juice
25% protection juice
riding juice
power juice
immunity juice
fast running juice 




Examples:Selling protection and immunity juices. Price: Negotiable.
Selling juices. Price: Negotiable.
Buying 20% juices in bulk. Budget: Negotiable.
Buying 20% attack juices in bulk. Budget: Negotiable.Selling juices at the beach market shop №9.Selling 50 20% attack and 20 10% protection juices. Price: Negotiable.Selling juice on becoming an animal. Price: Negotiable. Buying 10 juices on becoming an animal. Budget: Negotiable.Selling juice for double the payment. Price: Negotiable.Buying 10 juices for double the payment. Budget: Negotiable.Selling fast running juice. Price: Negotiable.
Buying fast running juice. Budget: Negotiable.
Selling 25% protection juice. Price: Negotiable.
Buying 25% attack juice. Budget: Negotiable.


Animated Items:
Animated items must be written using the Animated items list.
Examples
Selling animated items. Price: Negotiable.
Selling Fire Ring. Price: Negotiable.
Buying Lightning Charge. Budget: Negotiable.

Spatial Sound Effects:
Spatial sound effects must be written using the Full Name.
Examples
Selling spatial sound effect (Suspicious Sound). Price: Negotiable. (only 1)
Buying 2 spatial sound effects. Budget: Negotiable. (for more than 1, do not mention the names)
Selling a spatial sound effect. Price: Negotiable.
Beach Market: 
● Don’t need to mention negotiable.
Examples:
Selling mining resources at the beach market shop №23.
Selling luminous clothes for men at the beach market shop №23.
Selling a variety of items at the beach market shop №23.
Selling luminous trousers at the beach market shop №21. Price: $1.6 Million.
Selling batteries at the beach market shop №2. Price: $23.500 each.
Selling various items at the beach market shop №5.

● If the sender mentions cheap prices change to "for good prices" instead.

Note: For the Beach Market, you cannot mention more than one item name in the ad. If there are multiple items, you must use “various items.”

Examples:Selling various items for good prices at the beach market shop №23.
Official Places: Uppercases
Vinewood Hills
Rockford Hills
Richman
Sandy Shores
Paleto Bay
Postal
HospitalCapitol
Fire Station
Auto Fair 
Bahama Mamas Bar
Tequi-la-la BarFIB
Hotel Spa Bar
Pacific Bluffs Country Club

Diamond Resort Bar (Casino Restaurant)
Vanilla Unicorn Bar
Church
Stock Exchange
Stadium
Chumash
Lifeinvader
Del Perro PierDel Perro Beach
Cayo Perico Island
HotelRaton CanyonSchoolSAHP
Mirror Park
Unofficial places: Lowercases

airport
autosalon
beach
beach market
ghetto
post officetrain stationyacht
Note: When mentioning any Official Location, write it as in/near Vinewood Hills or near SAHP (keep letters uppercase). When mentioning an Unofficial Location, always include “the” before the place name, such as in the city, in the ghetto, or near the beach market (keep all letters lowercase).


Auto:
A maximum of ONE vehicle per ad is allowed, unless they are trading.
The brand and the model of the vehicle must be in quotes (" ").
Please copy the vehicle name DIRECTLY from the VEHICLE LIST to ensure correct formatting.
Vehicles, which don't have "NOT SELLABLE CARS" text above them are allowed to sell, buy, rent or rent out.
Vehicles, which have "NOT SELLABLE CARS" text above them are only allowed to rent or rent out (NOT SELL OR BUY).
Can only trade a Vehicle for another Vehicle.
Order of the features of a vehicle:
1) with partial/full configuration
2) visual upgrades 
3) luminous wheels (of type)
4) insurance - (do not mention the number of days.)
5) turbo kit
6) drift kit

Examples:
Selling "Obey R8" with full configuration, visual upgrades, insurance, turbo kit and drift kit. Price: $8 Million.
Selling "Enus Phantom" with partial configuration, visual upgrades, luminous wheels of type 9, insurance and drift kit. Price: $10 Million.
Example:Selling "Ubermacht M8 (F91)". Price: Negotiable.Selling or trading "Ubermacht M3 (G80)" for "Grotti Italia (F458)". Price: Negotiable.Selling "Monowheel" of type 2. Price: Negotiable.
Buying "Monowheel" of type 22. Budget: Negotiable.


● Any engine, transmission, brakes or suspension upgrades to the vehicle (chip tuning upgrades) are all clubbed under an umbrella term - (configuration).
● All upgrades which change the appearance of the car like paint, wheels (except luminous wheels), headlights etc. (service station upgrades) are clubbed under an umbrella term - (visual upgrades).
Example:
Selling "Ubermacht 760 (LI)" with visual upgrades. Price: Negotiable.
● If the client mentions luminous rims feature, we need to mention this detail as luminous wheels in the ads. (Without mentioning which rims belong to which container.)

Example:Selling Obey r8 with luminous unique 25 rims from wheels 1 container. > Selling "Obey R8" with luminous wheels of type 25. Price: Negotiable.
Note: Mentioning the type of luminous wheels is allowed in Auto category ads.
● If there are no chip tuning upgrades to the vehicle, then no need to specify anything. If there are some chip tuning upgrades, then we use "with partial configuration" right after the vehicle name.
Example: 
Selling "Annis RX-7 (FD)" with partial configuration and visual upgrades. Price: Negotiable.
● If there are chip tuning upgrades and the car is fully maxed, then we use "with full configuration" right after the vehicle name.Example: Selling "Benefactor-Benz 600SEL (W140)" with full configuration, insurance and drift kit. Price: Negotiable.

If you’re unsure whether a car actually exists in the city. 
Search on Google, type the car name, and type "GTA 5" at the end, if a car shows up, it's there in the game.
● Upgrades like turbo kit and drift kit should be written separately.
● We are allowed to mention whether the car has insurance. No need to mention the number of days of insurance. Just "with insurance" is fine.

Example: 
Selling "Benefactor-Maybach Pullman" with insurance. Price: $200.000

● Always remember to capitalize the first letter of the brand name and the model of the car.
Example: 
"Ubermacht m5 e60" is NOT correct, instead "Ubermacht M5 (E60)" is correct.

● If the sender did not mention any car brands, mention "Selling a car" instead. ● Don't need to indicate types of cars such as SUV, Sports, Electric, etc. 
Examples:Selling a car. Price: Negotiable.Buying a car with full configuration. Budget: $10 Million.Buying an electric car. > Buying a car. Budget: Negotiable.● Buying/Selling/Trading of bikes/helicopters/boats also fall under this category.



Auto Fair:
Don’t need to mention price as “Negotiable.”.
Mention “at Auto Fair.”. 

Examples:
Selling "Benefactor-Maybach Pullman" at Auto Fair.
Selling "Grotti Italia (F458) with insurance and turbo kit at Auto Fair.

Car Rentals:
You can now rent container vehicles to players who own a car sharing business. Renting of vehicles can be done up to 21 days.
It is unlikely that we will get many vehicle renting ads, as car sharing business owners usually have their own stockpile of container vehicles.

Use the word "Renting out". Instead of using "Price", use the word "Rent".









Examples: 
Renting out a vehicle. Rent: Negotiable. (for single vehicle)
Renting out vehicles. Rent: Negotiable. (for more than one vehicle)
Renting out "Truffade Chiron". Rent: Negotiable.
Renting out "Truffade Chiron". Rent: $100.000 per week.
Renting out "Truffade Chiron". Rent: $100.000 for 3 days.
Renting out "Truffade Chiron" with full configuration, visual upgrades, insurance, turbo kit and drift kit. Rent: Negotiable.
Renting out "Truffade Chiron" with full configuration, visual upgrades, insurance, turbo kit and drift kit. Rent: $100.000 for 3 days.
An owner of a car sharing business would post:
Renting a vehicle. Budget: Negotiable.Renting a vehicle. Budget: $100.000 per week.
Renting vehicles. Budget: $100.000 per week per car. (for more than one vehicle)
Renting "Truffade Chiron". Budget: $100.000 per week.
Renting "Truffade Chiron" with partial configuration and visual upgrades. Budget: $100.000 for 3 days.
**Players are also now able to rent exclusive truck skins to boost their earnings from the trucking job. This would be advertised as the following:
Renting a "20 percent" exclusive truck. Budget: Negotiable.If rent and budget are specified but no rental period is specified, (1-21 days/per week/for 1-21 days) reject with the message "Please indicate rental period."



Credit List:
Editors:
White RabbitMya RaeMinxy MalonoCherry ChooKim AbergilHabib RahmanCalvin ClassicNate Blakely Nyx KlepsFrankie HillAzure Duke
Carl Jordan
Eve Mystbloom
Emazeo Ferry
Shikamaru Frankie
Lucio Escobar
Elite Alpha
Max Uchiha




    
C E OMax Uchiha 
        Ex: CEO
2x Elite Alpha | 29882x Nate Blakely | 608972x Zandre Mortez | 124460Lucio Escobar | 445132x Nyx Kleps | 71788
Azure Duke | 62753John Funchallez | 1378Emazeo Ferry | 113643Viking Nawab | 39322Abdul Hadii | 98878John Ice | 1270822x Evee Smoke | 60696Axon Drake | 84678Carl Jordan | 38646Nateq Blakely | 608972x Captain Voax | 31031Kiana Kaslana | 39734Levi Pluxury | 46602x Habib Rahman | 37496 2x Lucio Escobar | 44513Hazem Prod | 419532x Minxy Malono | 5944John Funchalez | 1378Rui Ace | 240Opti Pride | 12854Minxy Malono | 5944Josh Anton | 386012x Lavi Pluxury | 137522x Hamada Ninja | 10494Singham Vella | 14790Broolz Hurmaci | 347Elizabeth Targaryen | 72383rd Carlo Russo | 1862nd Don Kiddick | 3591st Nyx Liu l | 94
